# Stanford Doerr School of Sustainability EBS 181/281: _Computational Social Science for Sustainability_
## Developed and led by Dr. Matthew A. Turner

There are many adaptative behaviors to mitigate climate change. But we understand relatively understanding about when and why adaptive behaviors, or adaptations for short, spread (or not). Adaptations include low-carbon construction, electric vehicles, and mangrove forest management to prevent inundation, just to name a few. Many factors can promote or inhibit the spread of adaptations, including the beliefs of the individuals who might teach and learn an adaptation, or to which groups teachers and learners belong. A complete, rigorous science of social interaction is difficult because of the inherent complexity of human social systems. In this course I will introduce how scientific computation (i.e., the use of a computer to develop, solve, or analyze scientific models) can be applied to strategically reduce this complexity by creating scientific models of social behavior, and through statistical design and analysis of social science experiments. Students will learn transferable skills, including Git for software version control, GitHub for open-source software, R programming, and Bayesian statistical modeling. Students will also increase their knowledge of modern social science, which could support students’ future work promoting the adoption of sustainable adaptations.

*See [the course website](https://mt.digital/teaching/CSS4S) for more
information*
